hi everyone I mine you're watching ldd
TV in here i have a jutsu beef fuel cell
um honestly this is actually belongs to
the owners I kind of stole it from them
I saw it in the bathroom I just stole it
um and I just wanted to go over it I
stuffed it with a bunch of diapers I'll
pull those out in just a minute and just
you guys can get an idea of the capacity
I want to go over this because of the
way it's advertised is a lunch bottle
bag type of thing and I just wanted to
show you guys that it can be used for so
so many things not just food you know
you can use it to organize your items
you can use it to you can take it on
trips you can hang it off your stroller
so it's an extra little baguilat outside
of your bag and then basically you can
just add stuff to it you can grab a few
of these and you know pack them with
extra stuff throw it in the car that we
always have extras and it's a great
alternative for instance the be quick
because it's slightly bigger and it's
also insulated so I just wanted to show
you guys the angles as well we're going
to do all this in one video so here you
have it from the front side back the
bottom and the time this has now fully
fully stuffed it does fit standard size
water bottles as far as the height is
concerned you can put sippy cups in here
you can put lunch in here you can put
freezer packs in here you can use this
for so many so many items so too I just
wanted to go over how many diapers we
have here these are size 12 two diapers
and I actually didn't count them as I
was putting them in just because I kept
having to add more and more and I kind
of lost count like 15 times but I'm
going to count them now we go one two
three four we got five here we've got
six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
thirteen so far
14 15 22 diapers so these are 22 divert
size 12 to all those were able to fit
into here so those of you that do use
disposable diapers you can kind of gauge
how just how much you can fit into here
and you know you do have a lot of room
here you can use it for toiletries when
you're traveling as well you can use it
as a what I want to say gift basket also
if you're getting a gift for someone and
you're getting kind of those little
chacas and you know big burp cloths
bottles and things like that you can
leave this open you can stuff everything
into here kind of put filler on it wrap
it up and self in it makes a great gift
is also the zipper here which is great
you can feel kind of a little cute gift
in here or a picture of smoke bringing
to picture something like that you can
use it for your utensils you can use it
for q tips you can use it for panty
liners things like that in case you
wanted to use this as a toiletry bag
take to the gym with you you can just
get really creative with these types of
accessories and it's a great great item
what's even better is that of course
it's machine washable it closes all the
way around but also it opens up so you
can actually see into the bag I hope you
like it such little dudes and divas on
YouTube for more videos and have a great
day